---
title: 3rd General Meeting - 27th November
description: 
published: false
date: 2023-11-28T00:50:47.127Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2023-11-28T00:06:17.884Z
---

# 3rd General Meeting 27 Nov 2023
## Summary
**Date:** 27/11/2023 
**Time:** 8pm
**Meeting Chair:** Jaimyn Mayer
**Minute Taker:** Adam Jacobus
**Location:** Brisbane Makerspace (146 Wickham St)

## Attendees

### Members

* Adam Jacobus
* Brendan Halliday
* Emily Taylor
* Jesse Dawson (Jedd)
* Jaimyn Mayer
* Zachary Forrester (Zac)

### Visitors

## Agenda

1. Acknowledgement of Country
2. Safe Space Affirmation
3. President’s Report
    - Continuing to draft policies, most major policies will be ratified by the end of this meeting.
4. Treasurer’s Report
    - Find the will to visit CommBank, will get access before 1st Dec. Planning to set up Xero to support new accounting structure.
5. Secretary’s Report
    - Wasn’t present at the last meeting, no minutes will be lodged for that meeting.
    - Aiming to have meeting minutes on the wiki within 48 hours of when meeting is adjorned.
6. Head Maker’s Report
    - Head Maker would like a 30 day grace period for policy enforcement to help transition the space into the new policies.
  
**Motion: Jaimyn to accept the committee reports, seconded by Adam. Carried by consensus**

7. Draft Safe Space Policy
8. Draft Parking Policy
    - Draft has been updated to include provisions for motorcycles
9. Draft Code of Conduct
10. Draft Infraction Policy

**Motion: Jaimyn to ratify the Safe Space, Parking, Code of Conduct, and Infraction policies, seconded by Brendan. Carried with consensus.**

11. Draft Storage Policy
    - Discussion was had about the policy
    - Important changes to previous policy is the restriction of small storage space to one per member.
    - Current policy language allows for a Green Ticket to be re-applied to materials every 30 days. Committee can chose to amend the policy to prevent this if it causes issues in the future.
    - Jedd raised that he doesn't feel comfortable having his personal phone number on a Green Ticket, as other members might try and use it to contact him. He asked that just the member's name be included, and the committee use the member portal to find the contact information of the member for communication. Jaimyn is tasked with updating the Green Ticket template to remove the phone number field.
    - Brendan raised a suggestion to provide an option for members to fill out a Green Ticket in the Member Portal and have the printer print out a ticket with a QR code that links back to the entry. This should make it easier for members to fill out ticket correctly and avoid exposing sensitive information to other members.
    - Brendan raised a suggestion about Item 6.2, that sometimes a member might not be able to make it to the space within the 7 day window to rectify any breach of the storage policy, and that the policy should allow for members to communicate to the Head Maker that they are unable to rectify the issue themselves and find a different solution that works for the Head Maker.
    - The attendees agreed to change the 7 day remediation window in Item 6.1 to 14 days

12. Meeting Policy
    - Brendan raised that any motion that introduces a new tool or machine to the space should include a feasibility report that addresses any potential impacts that installing and operating the tool will have on the space. Adam raised that this is particulary important for electrical load, as we are already having issues with our basement sub-circut tripping due to the combined load of the CNC and the air compressor.
    - Attendees agreed to change the policy to add language that requires that any motion that introduces a new tool must include any additional costs to do with installing and maintaining the tool.

13. Safety Policy
    - Emily raised that the policy should require that near misses also be reported to the Head Maker, although not requiring that they be reported formally, but instead informally to the Head Maker.
    - Attendees agreed to change the policy item 3.2.1 to define intoxication as any detectable blood alcohol concentration
    
14. Tool Induction Policy
    - Discussion was had between the committee about who qualifies to induct members on tool usage, and how long they are able to remain qualified to do tool inductions.
    - Attendees agreed to add item 1.5 that requires that the list of persons qualified to perform tool inductions be reviewed after each Annual General Meeting

**Motion: Jaimyn to ratify the Storage, Meeting, Safety, and Tool Inductions policies, seconded by Brendan. Carried with consensus.**

14. General Business
    - Adam raised that now that the bulk of policies have been ratified, the committee now focuses on writing procedures for management tasks. These policies should be designed to be normative, but not strict. This should strike a balance between consistent management and the flexibility to respond to special cases. Adam will start looking at what procedures need to be documented and potentially assigning some procedures to be drafted by committee members.
    - Adam raised a concern about the Moodle LMS for inductions. He has been trying to copy the general induction course to Moodle, but it has been difficult, as Moodle is less usable than Canvas when it comes to building course content. He will try to finish the Moodle version of the general induction and see how usable it is for members to complete. But we might need to consider if Moodle is the best replacement for Canvas as an LMS.
    - Adam raised that it might be beneficial for the space to get a spray painting booth to help members who need to do any painting to do so in a space that is well-ventilated and prevents mess. Given that the basement is not well ventilated, and the car park cannot have any paint on it, this would provide a usable space for painting to occur.
    - Adam raised that the committee will need to review any current subleasing agreements that the space has, and decide if the organisation wants to continue providing those subleasing opportunities at the rate originally set, increase or decrease the rate, or wrap up those subleases. This would also feed into a review of the subleasing policy and determine any changes that would need to be made in order to keep subleasing a feasible option for the organisation.
    - Jedd has requested that there be an audit of the electrical subcircuit in the basement, as he is concerned that any work he does with the CNC could be interrupted by an overload condition in the subcircuit
    - Jedd has proposed that the bed of the CNC machine be upgraded, but that he would prefer that it be done when there is enough interest in the CNC by the members to justify the costs required to perform the upgrade.
    - Jedd has requested that the tool booking and induction process for the wodworking area be finalised so that he can start offically booking usage of the CNC machine.
    - Brendan has asked that checking memebr forum access be made a part of the general induction, so that members can discuss important communications in the organization.
    
Meeting adjourned at 9:35 pm.