---
title: 13th General Meeting - 17th June 2024
description: 
published: true
date: 2024-06-17T10:35:49.041Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2024-06-17T10:15:05.494Z
---

# 13th General Meeting - 17th Jun 2024
## Summary
**Date:** 17/06/2024 
**Time:** 8:04pm
**Meeting Chair:** Jaimyn Mayer
**Minute Taker:** Adam Jacobus
**Location:** Brisbane Makerspace (146 Wickham St)

## Attendees
### Members

- Jaimyn Mayer
- Adam Jacobus
- Brendan Halliday
- Emily Taylor
- Jesse Dawson (Jedd)
- Zac Forrester

### Visitors

N/A

## Agenda

### 1. Acknowledgement of Country

> We acknowledge the Yuggera and Turrbal peoples, the Traditional Custodians of the Country on which we meet, and pay our respect to Elders past, present and emerging. Sovereignty has never been ceded.

### 2. Safe Space Affirmation
> Brisbane Makerspace is a safe space. We do not tolerate discrimination or other behaviour that makes any member feel unsafe. Our code of conduct and safe space policy applies to this and all meetings.

### 3. Confirmation of Previous Meeting's Minutes

**Motion: The minutes of the 12th General Meeting be accepted by the committee as true and accurate. Motion raised by Adam Jacobus. Motion seconded by Jaimyn. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 4. President’s Report

- Collecting metrics on the membership portal and displaying stats of user accounts and subscriptions.
- Useful for determining usage of space, tools, infrastructure
- Couple of new signup but also a few cancellations. Net neutral.

### 5. Treasurer’s Report

- No major changes
- Signed up for Xero, had some issues with discounts.

### 6. Secretary’s Report

- Received a call from case officer regarding our DGR status, told our website doesn't advertise our dominant purpose well. They will be checking our Facebook page for more evidence, won't hear back soon as they are very busy.

### 7. Head Maker’s Report

- See President's Report

**Motion: The Committee Member's Reports are accepted by the committee. Motion raised by Jaimyn Mayer. Motion seconded by Zac Forrester. Motion carried with consensus.**

### 8. Issues Without Notice

- Adam: From the DGR application, we need to work on hosting more meetups and events in the space that are free for non-members. Both in terms of our dominant purpose as a charity, and as a way to bring new potential members to the space. Any ideas for potential audiences for events or specific events, please raise them in the meeting. We'd be happy to help anyone with an idea to setup adverts, Facebook events, organising, etc.

### 9. Thanks

No appreciations this meeting

Meeting adjourned at 8:26 pm.