---
title: 5th General Meeting 22 Jan 2024
description: 
published: false
date: 2024-01-30T04:03:33.022Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2024-01-29T01:23:26.395Z
---

# 5th General Meeting 22 Jan 2024
## Summary
**Date:** 22/01/2024 
**Time:** 8pm
**Meeting Chair:** Jaimyn
**Minute Taker:** Adam
**Location:** Brisbane Makerspace (146 Wickham St)

## Attendees
### Members

- Brendan Halliday
- Jaimyn Mayer
- Adam Jacobus
- Zak Forrester
- Jesse Dawson (Jedd)
- Emily Taylor

### Visitors

N/A

## Agenda

### 1. Acknowledgement of Country

### 2. Safe Space Affirmation

### 3. Acceptance of Previous Meeting Minutes

**Motion: Adam moved that the committee accepts the meeting minutes of the 4th General Meeting as true and accurate. Seconded by Brendan, carried with consensus.**

### 4. President’s Report

- Account transfer from Jaimyn to the assciation is continuing.
- Charity status is still pending, have received word from the ACNC that they are still processing a large volume of registrations
- Google NFP workspace is still waiting on the charity registration
- Currently at 51 paying members
- Contents of the President's report will be standardised soon, including information like current membership numbers.

**Motion: Jaimyn moves that the President's Report be accepted. Seconded by Brendan, carried with consensus**

### 5. Treasurer’s Report

- While the organisation is transitioning payments over to the new accounts, our cash position is more than what's reported in our bank account.
- Expenditures this month:
	- Refurbishment of the Brother NS50 sewing machine
  - End mills for the CNC induction
  - Electricity bill for last two months
- Waiting for DGR status before using Xero, as they will keep charging for usage.

**Motion: Jaimyn moves that the Treasurer's report be accepted. Seconded by Emily, carried with consensus**

### 6. Secretary’s Report

- NBN Co. has let use know that they will be carrying out a free upgrade to our FTTC to bring the Fibre to the Premise. Scheduled for this week, unfortunately they have let use know that additional work will be required, so that has been delayed until March.
- Electricity bill was sent to us, forwarded to Treasurer to pay.
- Sent an email to the building manager to alert them to the leaking trade sewer behind the building. Building manager has responded saying that they have called a plumber out to fix the issue.
- A member has asked if they can bring in external tools to the space and use them. The committee has responded letting them know that bringing in external tools in done at their own risk and they must be inducted into the same or simiular tool in the space.
- Infraction notice has been sent to Giselle. No response yet.
- Andrew has been emailed about formalising the coworking arrangement and his storage options. He has responded and the committee will be meeting to draft a response to him.
- Received an email from Phil, a member who wishes to act as a cleaner for the space in exchange for access to the Working Members membership rate. Committee will be looking into how we can support this.
  
**Motion: Jaimyn moves that the Secretary's report is accepted. Seconded by Jedd, carried with concensus**

### 7. Head Maker’s Report

See President's report

### 8. Venue Hire for Brendan and Emily's Wedding



### 9. Admendmen of Tools policy to address bringing in external tools
### 10. Updates to Fee Schedule
### 11. Adoption of Working Groups policy
### 12. Creation of Woodshop and Infrastructure working groups
### 13. General Business

Meeting adjourned at 9:21 pm.